when his offering is a sacrifice of a
when his offering is a sacrifice of a peace offering if he offers it of the
peace offering if he offers it of the
peace offering if he offers it of the herd whether male or female he shall
herd whether male or female he shall
herd whether male or female he shall offer it without blemish before the Lord
offer it without blemish before the Lord
offer it without blemish before the Lord and he shall lay his hand on the head of
and he shall lay his hand on the head of
and he shall lay his hand on the head of his offering and kill it at the door of
his offering and kill it at the door of
his offering and kill it at the door of the tabernacle of meeting and errand
the tabernacle of meeting and errand
the tabernacle of meeting and errand sons the priests shall sprinkle the
sons the priests shall sprinkle the
sons the priests shall sprinkle the blood all around on the altar then he
blood all around on the altar then he
blood all around on the altar then he shall offer from the sacrifice of the
shall offer from the sacrifice of the
shall offer from the sacrifice of the peace offering an offering made by fire
peace offering an offering made by fire
peace offering an offering made by fire to the Lord the fat that covers the
to the Lord the fat that covers the
to the Lord the fat that covers the entrails and all the fat that is on the
entrails and all the fat that is on the
entrails and all the fat that is on the entrails the two kidneys and the fat
entrails the two kidneys and the fat
entrails the two kidneys and the fat that is on them by the flanks and the
that is on them by the flanks and the
that is on them by the flanks and the fatty lobe attached to the liver above
fatty lobe attached to the liver above
fatty lobe attached to the liver above the kidneys he shall remove and Aaron's
the kidneys he shall remove and Aaron's
the kidneys he shall remove and Aaron's sons shall burn it on the altar upon the
sons shall burn it on the altar upon the
sons shall burn it on the altar upon the burnt sacrifice which is on the wood
burnt sacrifice which is on the wood
burnt sacrifice which is on the wood that is on the fire as an offering made
that is on the fire as an offering made
that is on the fire as an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord if his
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord if his
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord if his offering as a sacrifice of a peace
offering as a sacrifice of a peace
offering as a sacrifice of a peace offering to the Lord is of the flock
offering to the Lord is of the flock
offering to the Lord is of the flock with a male or female he shall offer it
with a male or female he shall offer it
with a male or female he shall offer it without blemish if he offers a lamb as
without blemish if he offers a lamb as
without blemish if he offers a lamb as his offering then he shall offer it
his offering then he shall offer it
his offering then he shall offer it before the Lord and he shall lay his
before the Lord and he shall lay his
before the Lord and he shall lay his hand on the head of his offering and
hand on the head of his offering and
hand on the head of his offering and kill it before the tabernacle of meeting
kill it before the tabernacle of meeting
kill it before the tabernacle of meeting and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle its
and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle its
and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle its blood all around on the altar then he
blood all around on the altar then he
blood all around on the altar then he shall offer from the sacrifice of the
shall offer from the sacrifice of the
shall offer from the sacrifice of the peace offering as an offering made by
peace offering as an offering made by
peace offering as an offering made by fire to the Lord it's fat and the whole
fire to the Lord it's fat and the whole
fire to the Lord it's fat and the whole fat tale which he shall remove close to
fat tale which he shall remove close to
fat tale which he shall remove close to the backbone and the fat that covers the
the backbone and the fat that covers the
the backbone and the fat that covers the entrails and all the fat that is on the
entrails and all the fat that is on the
entrails and all the fat that is on the entrails
entrails
entrails the two kidneys and the fat that is on
the two kidneys and the fat that is on
the two kidneys and the fat that is on them by the flanks and the fatty lobe
them by the flanks and the fatty lobe
them by the flanks and the fatty lobe attached to the liver above the kidneys
attached to the liver above the kidneys
attached to the liver above the kidneys he shall remove and the priest shall
he shall remove and the priest shall
he shall remove and the priest shall burn them on the altar as food an
burn them on the altar as food an
burn them on the altar as food an offering made by fire to the Lord
offering made by fire to the Lord
offering made by fire to the Lord and if his offering is a goat then he
and if his offering is a goat then he
and if his offering is a goat then he shall offer it before the Lord he shall
shall offer it before the Lord he shall
shall offer it before the Lord he shall lay his hand on its head and kill it
lay his hand on its head and kill it
lay his hand on its head and kill it before the tabernacle of meeting and the
before the tabernacle of meeting and the
before the tabernacle of meeting and the sons of Aaron shall sprinkle its blood
sons of Aaron shall sprinkle its blood
sons of Aaron shall sprinkle its blood all around on the altar
all around on the altar
all around on the altar then he shall offer from it his offering
then he shall offer from it his offering
then he shall offer from it his offering as an offering made by fire to the Lord
as an offering made by fire to the Lord
as an offering made by fire to the Lord the fat that covers the entrails and all
the fat that covers the entrails and all
the fat that covers the entrails and all the fat that is on the entrails the two
the fat that is on the entrails the two
the fat that is on the entrails the two kidneys and the fat that is on them by
kidneys and the fat that is on them by
kidneys and the fat that is on them by the flanks and the fatty lobe attached
the flanks and the fatty lobe attached
the flanks and the fatty lobe attached to the liver above the kidneys he shall
to the liver above the kidneys he shall
to the liver above the kidneys he shall remove and the priest shall burn them on
remove and the priest shall burn them on
remove and the priest shall burn them on the altar as food an offering made by
the altar as food an offering made by
the altar as food an offering made by fire for a sweeter of all the fat is the
fire for a sweeter of all the fat is the
fire for a sweeter of all the fat is the Lord's this shall be a perpetual statute
Lord's this shall be a perpetual statute
Lord's this shall be a perpetual statute throughout your generations in all your
throughout your generations in all your
throughout your generations in all your dwellings you shall eat neither fat nor
dwellings you shall eat neither fat nor
dwellings you shall eat neither fat nor blood